Add README to trace and metric exporter (#44)
GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-go: exporter/metric/README.md

[Google Cloud Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring) provides visibility into the performance, uptime, and overall health of cloud-powered applications. It collects metrics, events, and metadata from Google Cloud, Amazon Web Services, hosted uptime probes, application instrumentation, and a variety of common application components including Cassandra, Nginx, Apache Web Server, Elasticsearch, and many others. Operations ingests that data and generates insights via dashboards, charts, and alerts. Cloud Monitoring alerting helps you collaborate by integrating with Slack, PagerDuty, and more.

## Setup

Google Cloud Monitoring is a managed service provided by Google Cloud Platform. Google Cloud Monitoring requires to set up "Workspace" in advance. The guide to create a new Workspace is available on [the official document](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/workspaces/create).

## Usage

Add `github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-go/exporter/metric` to the import list and set up `go.mod` file accordingly.

```go
import mexpoter "github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-go/exporter/metric"
```

> Once you import the metric exporter package, then register the exporter to the application, and start sending metrics. If you are running in a GCP environment, the exporter will automatically authenticate using the environment's service account. If not, you will need to follow the instruction in [Authentication](#Authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you import the metric exporter package, then register the exporter to the application, and start sending metrics. If you are running in a GCP environment, the exporter will automatically authenticate using the environment's service account. If not, you will need to follow the instructions in [Authentication](#Authentication).
```
(similar for traces README)
